content
" All able states should join the fight against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq and redouble efforts to prevent further attacks by the militant group, the United Nations Security Council said on Friday.
The 15-member council unanimously adopted a resolution drafted by France in the wake of a series of deadly attacks in Paris a week ago that killed 130 people and were claimed by Islamic State.
""The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as Daesh), constitutes a global and unprecedented threat to international peace and security,"" the resolution said. 
Islamic State used the chaos of Syria's nearly five-year civil war to seize territory in Syria and Iraq, where a U.S.-led coalition has been bombing the militants for more than a year, while Russia began air strikes in Syria in September.
The group has recently claimed responsibility for downing a Russian passenger plane in Egypt, killing all 224 people on board, and attacks in Lebanon, Turkey and Tunisia. 
The council resolution ""calls upon member states that have the capacity to do so to take all necessary measures ... on the territory under the control of ISIL ... in Syria and Iraq.""
It also urges states to intensify efforts to stem the flow of foreigners looking to fight with Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and to prevent and suppress financing of terrorism. 
""Welcome to everybody who finally woke up and joined the club of combating terrorists,"" Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari told reporters ahead of the vote on the French-drafted resolution.
Syrian ally Russia also revived on Wednesday its push for U.N. approval of international military campaigns combating Islamic State by circulating a slightly updated version of a draft resolution it initially submitted on Sept. 30.
That draft urged countries to coordinate military activities with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government and has been dismissed by veto-power Britain and other members. 
Russia, which views Syria as its closest Middle East ally, has been at odds with Western powers over the future of Assad. Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said on Friday that Moscow would still press ahead with its text.
 (Reporting by Michelle Nichols and Louis Charbonneau; Editing by 
)"
" Twenty-one people were killed on Friday in an attack on a hotel in Mali's capital by Islamist militants and seven people were wounded, President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita said on state television. The dead included two militants.
Keita declared a national state of emergency from midnight and three days of national mourning.
 (Reporting by Tiemoko Diallo and Adama Diarra; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by 
)"
" Parisians braved the cold and rain on Friday to go for drinks and make sure the lights stayed on in the trendy, multicultural eastern parts of the capital that were hit by Islamist militants only a week ago.
Many of the 130 victims of last Friday's attacks were enjoying drinks after work on an unusually warm autumn night when Islamic State gunmen sprang from cars and sprayed them with bullets in France's worst violence since World War Two.
Tension was still high in Paris at the end of a week in which there were scores of false alarms, episodes of crowd panic and a seven-hour gunfight that left the suspected mastermind of the attacks dead.
Though some Parisians were still thinking twice about going out, some 200 figures from the country's cultural and media elite called on France to continue to have fun in defiance of militants who call Paris the ""capital of prostitution and vice"".
""One week on, let's turn on the lights and light up candles in our cafes, streets, squares and towns and make ourselves heard through the music that they hate,"" they wrote in a tribute published in the Huffington Post on Friday.
""Make noise and shine light so they understand they have lost,"" wrote the signatories, who include singer Charles Aznavour, journalist Anne Sinclair and ballet dancer Marie-Claude Pietragalla.
Many took to social media to share the hashtag #21h20, referring to the time the attackers first struck last week, and urged people to go out and make noise at 9.20 p.m. (2020 GMT).
On Tuesday, similar calls for people to dine out and fill the city's cafe terraces were heeded.
LIVELY, YOUNG, JOYFUL
In the ethnically-diverse, up-and-coming 10th and 11th districts of Paris where the attacks took place, many of the usual watering holes popular with young people, artists and media types were buzzing with chatter and music on Friday.
At the Barometre cafe one block from the Bataclan music hall, the manager was busy taking orders and getting irritated by the media attention. A sign on the Bataclan still advertised the Eagles of Death Metal concert during which attackers killed scores of people.
""We have quite a lot of people tonight, but we prefer not to talk about what happened. We want to stop thinking about it and that's why we've got a musician playing tonight,"" said the manager Joyce Kervran.
Two men outside a youth hostel on nearby Boulevard Richard Lenoir said the neighborhood had been quieter in the first part of the week, but since the nearby Oberkampf metro station had reopened things had almost returned to normal.
""These guys hit this area because it's lively, young, joyful, all the things they hate,"" 65-year-old local resident Lionel Degaraby said.
""A huge number of people died, for a big capital, for the most beautiful city in the world. It's a big blow, but there is a lot of solidarity,"" said restaurant industry worker Olivier Gueguen, 39.
PARIS WILL BE PARIS
In front of the Carillon cafe and the Petit Cambodge restaurant a few blocks away, hundreds of flowers and candles have been placed where seven days ago young couples and groups of friends were felled by assailants firing AK47 assault rifles.
Smoking a cigarette outside the nearby Maria Luisa pizzeria, Clerc Richard, 30, who works in an Apple store, said he had decided to eat there with his fiancee after drinks with friends nearby to show life carried on. 
""We were all shocked. We talked a lot about it with our family, at work, even in public transport. It has created a bond, a bond that wasn't necessarily there before,"" he said.
Information screens near Republique square, where vigils have been held, beamed: ""Paris will always be Paris"" with an address for a website about what to do in the capital this weekend, replacing the usual traffic and weather messages.
""These Parisian neighborhoods that were hit are truly magical: lively, cosmopolitan, open to all the cultures of the world,"" Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo said.
""They have always been a successful melting-pot, and they will remain so,"" she told the Journal du Dimanche newspaper.
 (Reporting by Michel Rose; Additional reporting by 
, 
, 
 and Gilles Guillaume; Editing by 
; editing by 
)"
" There was no sign that a woman who passed through Colombia in July was connected with last week's Paris attacks, an official with the national prosecutor's office said on Friday in response to a media report suggesting a possible link.
The official from the attorney general's office told Reuters that a woman using the name Al Sakhadi Seham took a flight out of Bogota after a stay in neighboring Ecuador. She was booked to travel to Stockholm via Paris, but apparently never reached the Swedish capital, the official said.
Spanish news agency EFE had reported from Bogota on Thursday that Al Sakhadi, whom it said was Syrian and involved in the Nov. 13 shootings and bombings of civilians in Paris, took a connecting flight out of the Colombian capital in July.
The foreign ministry said in a statement that it had no information about the transit through Colombia of people purportedly involved in the attacks. The Islamic State militant group claimed responsibility.
The name Al Sakhadi Seham has not been included on lists of those French authorities said were involved in the attacks.
Colombia told French authorities in July about suspicions regarding a woman who left Colombia using an Israeli passport on a flight to Stockholm with a stop-over in Paris, the foreign ministry statement, which did not identify the woman, said.
A foreign ministry spokeswoman said that it could not name the woman because her case is part of a judicial investigation into corruption at the immigration agency, for which seven officials were arrested in August. Officials from Colombia's immigration agency could not be reached for comment.
The EFE report cited unidentified officials from the attorney general's office saying Colombia was working with France to establish the woman's ties to the attacks. It said she also traveled through Libya and Turkey using a stolen Israeli passport under the name Ashira Kreinger.
Ecuador's interior minister said the woman entered legally from Brazil, but that it had no record of her leaving Ecuador.
 (Reporting by Julia Symmes Cobb and Luis Jaime Acosta; Additional reporting by Alexandra Valencia in Quito and Paris newsroom; Editing by Helen Murphy and 
)"
" The militants who killed 130 people in Paris, triggering waves of air strikes on Syria and security alerts around the world, may have spent as little as around 7,000 euros ($7,500) to stage their attacks.
World leaders scrambled to crack down on terrorist financing after the Nov. 13 assaults, which have been claimed by Islamic State in retaliation for strikes on Iraq and Syria.
Within days, France and Belgium announced 1 billion euros worth of additional security measures.
In contrast, the attacks themselves, requiring little more than Kalashnikovs and ammunition, homemade suicide belts, rental cars and apartments, suggest that the eight attackers spent relatively little to kill indiscriminately and sow fear and confusion.
The Sept. 11 attacks on Washington and New York cost between $400,000 and $500,000, according to the independent 9/11 Commission, a sum that covered pilot training for the hijackers, flights and living expenses over an extended period of training and preparation.
A Reuters calculation has estimated the Paris attacks - which killed mainly young people enjoying a Friday evening out at bars, restaurants, the Stade de France sports stadium and the Bataclan concert venue - could have cost less than around 2 percent of that.
Reuters was unable to reliably calculate certain costs including the sum for any accomplices who may have come from outside France and Belgium. These costs were not included in the total.
The most sophisticated part of the attack, making the suicide vests, would have only required some cheap materials. Security sources said this job would have fallen to an experienced bomb-maker who was likely not to have been one of the actual attackers.
All seven dead assailants in Paris were wearing and used suicide belts, with identical TATP detonation compound, a battery and a blow-up button, French police said.
TATP - or ""Mother of Satan"" as it is known in security circles - can be made from basic household products and was used in the attacks on London in July 2005 and by ""shoe-bomber"" Richard Reid who tried to blow up an airliner in December 2001, for example.
The chemical ingredients are available at pharmacies for as little as 5-10 euros for each belt, and the bolts used in the belts of the three Stade de France attackers would have cost about 150 euros for 500 bolts each in a DIY store.   
There were at least eight attackers and their two Paris apartments - one rented for one week and the other for three nights - could have come to around 680 euros, according to publicly available prices seen by Reuters which were matched against police information on the equipment used. 
The Volkswagen Polo, Seat Leon and Renault Clio cars that  investigators say were rented to bring the militants from Brussels to Paris would have cost around 595 euros from a major car rental agency, assuming they were rented for one week, including petrol and tolls.  
A Kalashnikov can be acquired in the European Union for between 300 and 700 euros, the European Police Office Europol says. The price for 7.62 calibre bullets - the calibre of most of the several hundred bullet shells found outside the restaurants last Friday night - is around 500 euros for 2,000 on the Internet.
With three Kalashnikovs used in the Bataclan attack and three found in one of the cars, plus probably one other, that cost would come to 5,400 euros.    
Other costs of the operation remain murky. For example, one of the suicide bombers at the Stade de France may have travelled on a Syrian passport under the name Ahmad Al Mohammad along a well-worn path of refugees fleeing to Europe through Greek islands.
Estimates of the cost of such a trip from the Syria-Turkey border through Greece - also not included in the Reuters calculations - vary widely.
Pulling together information from bus companies, a ferry company, a travel agent, police and a source at a voluntary relief organisation operating on the island of Leros, the cost of travelling from Turkey to the Macedonian border could start at 1,200 euros. That would be the cheapest option, using the kind of dinghies that have resulted in scores of refugee deaths and would not include the cost of forged documents.
For a sea crossing on a safer boat, with forged documents provided, the cost would rise to around 5,000 euros.      
($1 = 0.9394 euros)
 (Reporting by Mike Holden, 
 and Lisa Barrington in London, 
 and Sybille de La Hamide in Paris and Lefteris Karagiannopoulos in Athens; Writing by 
; Editing by Pravin Char)"
" U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday the Mali hotel attacks only stiffened the resolve of the United States and its allies, which would be relentless in fighting those targeting its citizens and would allow militants no safe haven.
In a speech at a regional summit in Malaysia, Obama described Friday's raid and hostage incident in Mali as ""another awful reminder of the scourge of terrorism.""
""It stiffens our resolve to meet these challenges,"" he said. ""The United States will be relentless.""
Obama said  the United States is trying to account for Americans who may have been at Mali hotel. At least one American citizen has been identified among the 19 dead. He said U.S. forces in Mali helped prevent a greater loss of life.
 (Reporting by 
; Writing by Martin Petty. Editing by Bill Tarrant)"
" British Prime Minister David Cameron's bid to start air strikes against the Islamic State group in Syria could be bolstered by a U.N. Security Council resolution adopted on Friday calling on able states to fight the militants, said Britain's U.N envoy.
""It's a call to action to member states that have the capacity to do so to take all necessary measures against (Islamic State) and other terrorist groups,"" British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told reporters. 
""I think that is a powerful part of the case that the prime minister is setting out in terms of the British role in Syria and elsewhere,"" he said.  
Cameron said on Tuesday that he would present to parliament a ""comprehensive strategy"" for tackling the Islamic State group, including launching air strikes in Syria. He lost a parliamentary vote in 2013 on plans to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
The United Nations Security Council on Friday called on all able states to join the fight against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq and redouble their efforts to prevent further attacks by the group.
Islamic State used the chaos of Syria's nearly five-year civil war to seize territory in Syria and Iraq, where a U.S.-led coalition has been bombing the militants for more than a year. Russian air strikes in Syria in September.
 (Reporting by 
 and 
; Editing by 
)"
" Chinese President Xi Jinping condemned on Saturday the ""cruel and savage"" attack by Islamist militants on a hotel in Mali's capital that killed 19 people including three executives from a Chinese railway company. 
Gunmen shouting Islamic slogans attacked the Radisson Blu hotel in Bamako on Friday, before Malian commandos stormed the building and freed 170 hostages, many of them foreigners.
Xi called for the relevant departments to boost security work ""outside China's borders"".
""China will strengthen cooperation with the international community, resolutely crack down on violent terrorist operations that devastate innocent lives and safeguard world peace and security,"" the Foreign Ministry quoted him as saying in a statement on its website.
The three Chinese citizens killed in the hotel attack were executives from the state-owned China Railway Construction Corp (
), the company said in a statement on its website.
""China Railway Construction Corp is deeply saddened by the deaths of the three employees, and we express our deep condolences to the victims' families and strongly condemn the atrocities committed by the terrorists,"" it said. 
Zhou Tianxiang and Wang Xuanshang, general manager and deputy general manager of the company's international division, and Chang Xuehui, general manager of its West Africa division, were killed, the statement said.
The Foreign Ministry said four other Chinese nationals were among the rescued hostages. 
The attack on the hotel was claimed by jihadist group Al Mourabitoun and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), and is the latest in a series of deadly raids this year in Mali, which has battled Islamist rebels based in its desert north for years.
China vowed this week to bring to justice those responsible for killing one of its citizens after Islamic State said it had killed a Chinese captive.
A man who worked for a Belgian regional parliament and an American aid worker were also killed. Moscow said Russians were also among the victims.  
Beijing has repeatedly denounced Islamist militants and urged the world to step up coordination in combating Islamic State, though it has been reluctant to get involved on the ground in Syria and Iraq where the group largely operates.
 (Reporting by Michael Martina; Editing by 
 and 
)"
" Britain should cooperate with Russia in any air strikes it carries out in Syria, Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said in an interview broadcast on Saturday, underlining Moscow's growing assertiveness in the region.
Britain has already launched air strikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq. But Prime Minister David Cameron wants to follow allies by extending the operation to militant positions in neighboring Syria, and has said he will submit a plan to parliament to do so. 
""Undoubtedly, it (any British action) should be a matter of cooperation, so that the steps are not directed at destroying the statehood of Syria,"" Zakharova told current affairs program Vesti on Saturday.
Zakharova cited remarks by the Syrian ambassador in Moscow, according to which countries that coordinate their military actions with Russia are regarded by Syria as coordinating their actions with Syria.
Russia began a large-scale bombing campaign against targets in Syria on Sept. 30, which Moscow says is focused on Islamic State militants but critics say targets a wider band of opponents of Moscow's ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Following last week's gun and bomb attacks in Paris, Russian President Vladimir Putin instructed his military to work with French forces as ""allies"", fuelling speculation about deeper military cooperation between Russia and the West against Islamic State that would help thaw relations more generally.
However, Russia and the West remain deeply divided about the future of Assad and the role of his government in approving military operations in Syria.
Cameron said on Wednesday that the backing of the United Nations Security Council would be preferable for British military action but was not necessary, and that Russia had repeatedly threatened to veto any resolution authorizing force.
Commenting on Cameron's remarks, Zakharova said that Britain ""should have reached of course not for the microphone but for the telephone"" to instruct the British ambassador to the United Nations ""to begin consultations, including with Russia"".
""We have never blocked anything (at the UN Security Council), as far as sensible initiatives based on international law are concerned,"" she said.
In the past Russia and China have repeatedly blocked Western-backed UN Security Council resolutions critical of the Syrian government or proposing stronger international actions against it.
 (Reporting By 
; Editing by Stephen Powell)"
" At least nine people were killed in bomb attacks claimed by Islamic State on a Shi'ite Muslim mosque south of Baghdad on Friday, police and medics said.
The militant group, which controls large swathes of northern and western Iraq, said in an online statement it had targeted ""rejectionists"", as the group refers to Shi'ites.
A roadside bomb planted near the mosque in Yousifiya went off as worshippers were leaving Friday prayers, killing two civilians and wounding nine, the sources said.
When security forces arrived at the scene, a suicide bomber detonated his explosives-packed vest, killing seven and wounding 28 others, they said.
Iraq is gripped by a sectarian conflict mostly between Shi'ites and Sunnis that has been exacerbated by the rise of the ultra-hardline Sunni insurgents of Islamic State.
 (Reporting by Saif Hameed; Writing by 
; Editing by 
)"
" U.S. President Barack Obama visited a refugee centre in Malaysia on Saturday to highlight his call for more compassion at home to deal with a global migrant crisis, as Republicans seek to block U.S. acceptance of Syrian refugees.
Speaking of the children he met at the Dignity for Children Foundation in Kuala Lumpur, Obama said ""that's the face of not only children from Myanmar, that's the face of Syrian children and Iraqi children"". 
Many of the children at the centre were Muslim Rohingyas who have fled persecution in Myanmar. 
Alluding to Republican critics who are trying to halt the flow of Syrian refugees to the United States, Obama said: “The notion that somehow we would be fearful of them, that our politics would somehow leave us to turn our sights away from their plight is not representative of the best of who we are.”
Obama’s visit to the refugee centre came a week after attacks by Islamic State militants in Paris renewed debate over his plan to bring more than 10,000 Syrian refugees into the United States over the next year. 
U.S. lawmakers have called for Obama to pause or stop the program altogether, citing concerns it could lead to infiltration of militants who could launch Paris-style attacks.
""Apparently they're scared of widows and orphans coming into the United States of America,"" Obama said on Wednesday in Manila, where he was attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit.
He insisted that the process for screening refugees for possible entry into the United States was rigorous and said the United States didn't make good decisions ""based on hysteria"" or exaggerated risk.
60 MILLION REFUGEES
Obama told reporters on Saturday that one of the reasons he came to visit the refugee centre in Kuala Lumpur was ""because globally we are seeing an unprecedented number of refugees"" and Washington needed to demonstrate leadership on the issue.
""The world is already focused on the humanitarian crisis taking place in Syria but we can't forget that there are millions of other refugees from war-torn parts of the world,” Obama said as he met with a small group of refugees at the centre.
Obama highlighted the case of a 16-year-old girl who sat smiling beside him. She fled Myanmar when she was eight and was being resettled in the United States, he said.
The U.N. refugee agency estimates that violence has displaced 60 million people across the world.
Malaysia, which is hosting 18 world leaders for a series of meetings this weekend, has taken in 153,880 refugees and asylum seekers as of September, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees. About 90 percent of them are from Myanmar.
The Rohingya are a Muslim minority who have been denied citizenship in Myanmar and make up one of the largest groups of stateless people in the world. Militant Buddhists have targeted them in violence, helping to fuel their exodus from Myanmar.
They have been targeted in violent attacks by militant Buddhists.
The United Nations estimates that over 120,000 Rohingya have fled in the past three years, including an estimated 25,000 by boat this year. Thousands have been waylaid at sea and held for ransom by human traffickers.
In May, mass graves were exhumed at jungle camps on the border between Thailand and Malaysia that were thought to be mainly Rohingya victims of human traffickers.
Myanmar’s former junta and the quasi-civilian government that replaced it say the Rohingya are considered illegal migrants from Bangladesh -  even those that have been in the country for generations.
      
 (Reporting by Matt Spetalnick. Editing by Bill Tarrant)"
" U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday that countries should stop building artificial islands and militarising their claims in the disputed South China Sea.
""For the sake of regional stability the claimants should halt reclamation, construction and militarisation of disputed areas,"" Obama told a meeting between the United States and leaders of the 10 Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN).
China insists it has undisputed sovereignty over most of the South China Sea, a claim that overlaps with four ASEAN countries.
China has been transforming reefs in the Spratly archipelago into artificial islands and has built airfields and other facililties on them. This has caused ripples of alarm in much of East Asia about China's intentions and freedom of navigation in a waterway through which $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes annually.
Obama said he commended ASEAN for working to create a code of conduct for the South China Sea ""including the peaceful resolution of disputes, freedom of navigation and freedom of overflight.""
Earlier this month, U.S. B-52 bombers flew near China's artificial islands, signaling Washington's determination to challenge Beijing over the disputed sea.
China has said it does not want the South China Sea issue to be the focus of the meetings in Kuala Lumpur. Prime Minister Li Keqiang has yet to comment on the issue. 
CONFRONT ISLAMIST EXTREMISTS
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak opened the weekend series of meetings earlier on Saturday, calling on world leaders to confront Islamist extremism. The ""barbaric acts"" of ""terrorists"" do not represent any race or religion, he declared.
Islamist militants killed 19 people in an attack on a hotel in Mali on Friday before Malian commandos stormed the building and rescued 170 people, many of them foreigners. This came a week after Islamic State militants killed 129 people in coordinated attacks in Paris.
""The perpetrators of these cowardly and barbaric acts do not represent any race, religion or creed, nor should we allow them to claim to do so,"" Najib said in his opening speech at the ASEAN summit.
""They are terrorists and should be confronted as such, with the full force of the law.""
Malaysia has deployed extraordinary security measures around Kuala Lumpur as leaders from 18 countries, including Obama, arrived for the series of summits.  
Obama said on Saturday the Mali hotel attacks only stiffened the resolve of the United States and its allies, which would be relentless in fighting those targeting its citizens and would allow militants no safe haven.
""We will continue to root out terrorist networks,"" Obama told a meeting of business executives. ""We will not allow these killers to have a safe haven.""
ECONOMIC COMMUNITY     
Most of the leaders arrived from the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. Both the APEC meeting and the ASEAN summit typically focus on economic issues but have been overshadowed by the terrorist attacks.
Najib said he had intended to open the summit to talk about an economic community that ASEAN is launching this weekend in a region of 622 million people with a combined economic output of $2.5 trillion.
""But the events of recent days and weeks have cast a shadow over us all,"" he said.
He said predominantly Islamic countries such as Malaysia have a duty to expose as lies the ""ideology propagated by these extremists that is the cause of this sadistic violence.""
Obama said ASEAN's community would not only help integrate economies in the strategic region but ""improve regional stability"".
Obama said his signature free trade agreement, known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), ""will bind the United States even closer to some of our strongest allies in Asia"".
""Our alliances are the foundation for our security which becomes the foundation for our prosperity, which allows us to invest in the source of our strength, including our alliances,"" he told the ASEAN business executives.
The Asia-Pacific countries in the TPP include Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Brunei, New Zealand and 
Australia, all of whom are attending the Malaysia meetings.
 (Reporting by Matt Spetalnick and Martin Petty. Additional reporting by Trinna Leong and Praveen Menon. Editing by Bill Tarrant.)"
" Six employees of Russian regional airline Volga-Dnepr were killed in Friday's attack on a hotel in Mali, Russia's foreign ministry said on Saturday, confirming earlier media reports. 
""Among the many foreigners captured as hostages there were citizens of Russia - employees of the airline Volga-Dnepr,"" ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said in a statement.
""Among those killed - six citizens of our country, who together with 13 citizens of other states were shot by the militants in the restaurant literally in the first moments of the terrorist attack on the hotel"".
Zakharova said six other Russians had been rescued.
Earlier on Saturday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said global cooperation was need to confront terrorism in the wake of the attack.
Friday's assault on the Radisson Blu hotel in Bamako came a week after militants killed 130 people in a spate of gun and bomb attacks in Paris claimed by Islamic State. 
It also comes three weeks after the downing of a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai peninsular that killed 224 people, which Russian officials say was caused by a bomb. 
Islamic State has also claimed responsibility for that attack, the most deadly against Russian citizens for over a decade.
 (Reporting by 
; Editing by 
)"
" The U.S. Navy will likely carry out another patrol within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands in the South China Sea before the end of the year, a U.S. Navy official said on Friday.
The USS Lassen, a guided missile destroyer, last month sailed close to one of China's man-made islands in the Spratly Islands archipelago to underscore its rights under international law, drawing an angry rebuke from Beijing.
A U.S. defense official said this month the Navy planned two or more patrols a quarter in the region as part of its plan to regularly exercise its rights under international law and remind China and others about its view.
The U.S. Navy official said the next patrol in the Spratly Islands archipelago would likely take place in December.
Two U.S. B-52 bombers also flew near the artificial Chinese islands last week, in advance of President Barack Obama's visit to the region this week to attend Asia-Pacific summits.
Obama on Friday said the disputed region would be a major focus of summit meetings among world leaders this weekend in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur.
China claims most of the South China Sea, through which more than $5 trillion of world trade transits every year. Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Taiwan have rival claims.
On Thursday, Obama demanded China halt land reclamation work that is turning seven reefs into artificial islands. China is building airfields and other facilities on some of them.
In a report published on the Chinese defense ministry's website on Thursday, China's top admiral, Wu Shengli, said his forces have shown ""enormous restraint"" in the face of U.S. provocations in the South China Sea, while warning they stand ready to respond to repeated breaches of Chinese sovereignty.
Earlier this month, Senator John McCain, the Republican head of the Senate Armed Services Committee called on the Pentagon to clarify publicly the legal intent of last month's patrol.
U.S. officials said the Navy avoided military drills that could have exacerbated tensions with Beijing during the Lassen's Oct. 27 patrol in the Spratly Islands, an approach experts said could reinforce rather than challenge China's sovereignty claims.
 (Reporting by 
 and 
; Editing by 
)"
" A U.S. citizen died in the attack on a luxury hotel in Bamako, Mali, where armed Islamist militants took hostages on Friday, the U.S. State Department said.
Six Americans were recovered safely and U.S. special forces assisted in the rescue efforts, U.S. officials said earlier.
The State Department, in a statement, identified the victim as Anita Datar. It included a separate comment from her family that said she was an aid worker who ""has spent much of her career working to advance global health and international development, with a focus on population and reproductive health, family planning, and HIV.""  
The family said she was survived by a son, her parents, brother ""and many, many friends around the world.""
It said she was a senior manager at Palladium Group and a founding member of Tulalens, a not-for-profit organization connecting underserved communities with health services.
The Washington Post and ABC News reported earlier that Datar was 41 year old and lived in Maryland. 
Early on Friday morning, gunmen shouting Islamic slogans attacked the Radisson Blu hotel, which is frequented by foreigners, taking 170 people hostage in Bamako, the country's capital. At least 27 people were reported dead after Malian commandos stormed the hotel and dozens of people were reported to have escaped or been freed.
Representatives for U.S. Africa Command said American military personnel were helping move civilians to safety as Malian forces cleared the Radisson Blu. 
""Mali forces have the lead in Bamako,"" Africa Command said in a tweet. ""Small team of U.S. troops assisting with relocating rescued hostages.""
Army Colonel Mark Cheadle, a spokesman for Africa Command, said six Americans were recovered from the hotel and he believed all were alive.
Another defense official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said five U.S. Defense Department personnel were at the hotel at the time of the siege and all have been accounted for. ""We have no reports of any injuries,"" the official said.
One U.S. service member ""who was at the location stepped in to assist first responders with moving civilians from the hotel to secure locations as Malian forces worked to clear the hotel of hostile gunmen,"" the official said. ""U.S. forces did not directly participate in the operation.""
A senior U.S. official said a security officer and a number of U.S. troops assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Bamako, who were in the area of the hotel at the time, were among the first on the scene.
The official said that when the U.S. security officer and troops entered the building to look for Americans inside, it was filled with smoke from a fire in the hotel kitchen. 
“The first person they could not locate visually due to smoke but could hear the person,” the official said. The officers went to the third floor of the building, working their way down, helping to evacuate people.
“They could not get above the third floor initially because (attackers) had barricaded the stairs,” the official added.
The total number of U.S. citizens at the hotel during the siege was unclear.
In all, the defense official said, 22 military and civilian Pentagon employees were in Bamako at the time of the attack and all have been accounted for.
About 1,000 U.S. special forces are deployed across Africa at any given time.
A Malian official told French television station BFMTV that all remaining hostages were safe and out of the hotel.
The U.S. military was providing airlift support and aerial reconnaissance support to French forces in Mali under a 2013 agreement, Africa Command said.
U.S. President Barack Obama, who is attending a regional summit in Malaysia, was briefed by his national security adviser on the Bamako situation, a White House official said on Friday.
 (Additional reporting by 
 in Kuala Lumpur, and 
, Yeganeh Torbati, Megan Cassella and 
 in Washington; Writing by Martin Petty and 
; Editing by 
, 
, 
 and Leslie Adler)"
" Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said his Labour party, which two years ago blocked British military action in Syria, would consider proposals by the government to start air strikes against Islamic State in that country.
Britain has already launched strikes against the Islamist group in neighboring Iraq.
Corbyn said on Saturday Labour would support every necessary measure to protect people and would consider the proposals brought forward by the Conservative-led government, following a series of attacks in Paris last week that killed 130 people.
""Labour will always stand up to any threat to this country and our people. We will never leave Britain unprotected,"" he told party members in a speech in Bristol, south-west England.
But he called for a different approach to foreign policy and a comprehensive settlement of the conflict, following the United Nations Security Council's decision to unanimously adopt a resolution on Friday.
Corbyn, who was chosen as leader over better-known rivals on a wave of enthusiasm for change, has come under fire from some Labour lawmakers for telling the BBC he was ""not happy with the shoot-to-kill policy"" in the event of attacks in Britain.
Prime Minister David Cameron's attempt to win approval for military action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was blocked by Labour in 2013, but his majority-led government may help push through his case for conducting air strikes against Islamic State in Syria.
Cameron will meet French President Francois Hollande on Monday to discuss the fight against militants in Syria and Iraq, his spokesman said on Saturday.
 (Reporting by Li-mei Hoang; Editing by Stephen Powell)"
" British Prime Minister David Cameron said the United Nations Security Council's resolution to redouble action against Islamic State in Syria was an important moment, strengthening his bid to start air strikes against the militant group there.
The Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Friday drafted by France after a series of attacks in Paris a week ago that killed 130 people and were claimed by Islamic State.    
""This is an important moment,"" said Cameron in a statement soon afterwards.
""The international community has come together and has resolved to defeat this evil, which threatens people of every country and every religion.""
Britain is already involved in air strikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq. 
Cameron wants to extend the operation to hit Islamic State in Syria to fall into line with allies, and has said he will submit a plan to parliament to do so. 
He will meet French President Francois Hollande on Monday to discuss the fight against terrorism in Syria and Iraq, his spokesman said on Saturday.
Islamic State has seized large areas of territory in Syria and neighbouring Iraq. A U.S.-led coalition has been bombing the militants for more than a year and Russia started air strikes in Syria in September.
(Corrects spelling of name of French president)
 (Reporting by Li-mei Hoang; Editing by Stephen Powell)"
" Six world powers will help Iran redesign its Arak heavy water reactor so that it cannot produce weapons-grade plutonium, according to a document released by the state news agency IRNA on Saturday.
The document was signed separately on Nov. 13, 17 and 18 by the foreign ministers of Iran and the P5+1 (the United States, Britain, France, China and Russia plus Germany) as well as EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini. It became effective on the date it was signed by all states.
The fate of the Arak reactor in central Iran was one of the toughest sticking points in the long nuclear negotiations that led to an agreement in July. Removing the core of the heavy water reactor to produce less plutonium is a crucial step before the relief from sanctions starts.
Iran will act as project manager, according to the document, while China ""will participate in the redesign and the construction of the modernized reactor"" and the United States ""will provide technical support and review of the modernized reactor design"". France, the United Kingdom and Germany will participate in design review and Russia will provide consultative services.
""The primary design of Arak reactor will take one year. Then the (P5+1) working group has three months to approve it,"" Behrouz Kamalvandi, spokesman for Iran's atomic energy agency, was quoted as saying on Saturday by state broadcaster IRIB.
During the process the Arak heavy water reactor will be reconfigured so it cannot yield fissile plutonium usable in a nuclear bomb.
The Islamic Republic has said that the 40-megawatt, heavy-water plant is aimed at producing isotopes for cancer and other medical treatments, and has denied that any of its nuclear activity is geared to developing weapons.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ordered last month that the work to redesign the Arak facility will only be carried out once allegations of past military dimensions (PMD) of the country's nuclear program had been settled.
The International Atomic Energy Agency, which finished taking samples from Iran's Parchin military complex in early October, is expected to announce its conclusions on PMD by Dec. 15.
 (Editing by Digby Lidstone)"
" A drone crashed in southwestern Iran near the Iraqi border on Saturday, media reported, though there were differing accounts on whether it was a foreign or a domestic aircraft.
Fars news agency quoted the governor of Shush county in Khuzestan province saying a foreign surveillance drone had come down near the city of Shush.
Later, state news agency IRNA quoted the same official, Reza Nejati, saying it was an Iranian machine and denying he had ever said otherwise.
""This drone was flying a daily route inside the country,"" Nejati was quoted as saying by IRNA. He said technical issues brought it down.
 (Reporting by Katie Paul and Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Editing by 
)"
" Afghan investigators blamed leadership failings on Saturday for the Taliban's capture of the city of Kunduz in September, a finding that may deepen concerns about the government's grip on security.
The Taliban's seizure of the northern city was a major setback for the government of President Ashraf Ghani and prompted Washington to prolong the 14-year-old U.S. military engagement in Afghanistan.
""The biggest failure was the leadership,"" Amrullah Saleh, a former chief of the national intelligence agency, told a news conference in Kabul. 
""On the day of crisis, nobody knew who was in charge.""
Saleh, who was named by Ghani to head the investigation, did not single out military or government officials for blame but said he had proposed reform of the National Security Council - a body headed by the president that oversees national security.
Taliban militants, who are fighting to expel foreign troops and oust the U.S.-backed government, held Kunduz for three days before government forces, backed by U.S. troops and aircraft, drove them out.
Saleh said U.S. air strikes had prevented the Taliban from capturing Kunduz airport. He did not refer to a mistaken U.S.  attack on a Kunduz hospital run by the Medecins Sans Frontieres aid group in which 22 people were killed.
Saleh's team found no evidence that government forces in Kunduz lacked ammunition or food, but he criticized what he called their ""complicated structures"".
Government spokesmen were not immediately available for comment on the findings.
The fighting in Kunduz drove tens of thousands of residents out of the trade gateway to Tajikistan and Central Asia, and dealt a heavy blow to slim hopes for peace.
Nearly 200 people were killed, including residents, police and soldiers, the provincial governor said, adding that Taliban casualties were higher.
Since the withdrawal of international troops from most combat operations at the end of last year, the brunt of fighting has been borne by Afghan forces.
U.S. President Barack Obama said in mid-October that Afghan forces were not as strong as they needed to be given a ""very fragile"" security situation and that the United States would maintain a force of 9,800 through most of 2016.
 (Editing by 
 and 
)"
" Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday he wanted global cooperation to combat terrorism after Islamist militants killed 19 people, including six Russians, in an attack on a luxury hotel in Mali 
Friday's assault came a week after militants killed 130 people in gun and bomb attacks in Paris claimed by Islamic State, and three weeks after a Russian airliner was downed over Egypt by what Moscow and Western governments say was a bomb, killing all 224 people aboard.
The bloodshed at the Radisson Blu hotel in Mali, a former French colony, evoked the problems French troops and U.N. peacekeepers face in restoring security and order in a West African state that has battled rebels and militants in its weakly-governed desert north for years.
Jihadist groups Al Mourabitoun and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) claimed responsibility for the attack, which ended when Malian commandos stormed the building and rescued 170 people, many of them foreigners.
President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita said two militants were killed in the commando operation.
His government increased security at strategic points around Bamako at the start of a declared 10-day state of emergency.
""Mali will not shut down because of this attack. Paris and New York were not shut down and Mali won't be. Terrorism will not win,"" Keita said during a visit to the hotel on Saturday.
Six employees of Russian regional airline Volga-Dnepr were killed, Russia's foreign ministry said, while six others were rescued.
Putin sent a telegram of condolences to Keita and said ""the widest international cooperation"" was needed to confront global terrorism, according to a statement by the Kremlin.
On Tuesday, Putin pledged to hunt down militants responsible for blowing up the airliner, as well as intensified air strikes against militants in Syria, after the Kremlin concluded a bomb had destroyed the plane.
Putin and French President Francois Hollande also spoke by phone on Tuesday and agreed to boost coordination of their military actions in fighting jihadist militants in Syria.
Chinese President Xi Jinping condemned the ""cruel and savage"" attack, whose dead included three Chinese executives of a state-run railway firm.
""China will strengthen cooperation with the international community, resolutely crack down on violent terrorist operations that devastate innocent lives and safeguard world peace and security,"" the Beijing Foreign Ministry quoted Xi as saying in a statement on its website.
American public health specialist Anita Datar was killed and Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said two Belgians died. French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said he was not aware of any French nationals killed.
An Israeli national was also killed, Israeli media said. There was no confirmation from the foreign ministry.
FLEEING IN TERROR
The attack began at 7 a.m. on Friday when gunmen killed guards at the entrance of the hotel and barged inside.
Malian commandos subsequently stormed the hotel and rescued around 170 people, many of whom had been hiding under beds or in side-rooms and rushed terrified from the building to safety as shooting continued inside.
By around 4 p.m. the hotel was secured but Malians woke on Saturday to a sense of shock at the latest high-profile raid by Islamists this year.
""I feel bruised by this atrocious act, which cannot be justified. No nation, no human life deserves such criminal barbarity,"" said Oumar Fomba, a teacher. ""I urge the Malian government to fight more fiercely against terrorism.""
In a speech on the sidelines of a summit with Asian nations in Malaysia, U.S. President Barack Obama described the raid as ""another awful reminder of the scourge of terrorism"".
""This barbarity only stiffens our resolve ... We will stand with the people of Mali as they work to rid their country of terrorists and strengthen their democracy,"" he said.
SETBACK FOR FRANCE
The attack was another jolting setback for France, which has stationed 3,500 troops in northern Mali to try to restore stability after a rebellion in 2012 by ethnic Tuaregs that was later hijacked by jihadists linked to al Qaeda.
""We (France) have proved to be as blind as the Malian elite. Nothing changes in Mali. The elite continues to act like it always has, as does the international community,"" said Laurent Bigot, former undersecretary in charge of West Africa at France's foreign ministry, alluding to U.N. peacekeepers.
""People have been ringing the alarm bell for a long time, but it doesn't do any good,"" Bigot, who now works as a consultant, told Reuters.
The attack also refocused attention on a veteran leader of Al Mourabitoun, Mokhtar Belmokhtar, after reports, never confirmed, that he was killed in an air strike in June.
Northern Mali was occupied by Islamist fighters, some with links to al Qaeda, for most of 2012. They were driven out by a French-led military operation, but violence has continued.
Al Mourabitoun has claimed responsibility for attacks including an assault on a hotel in the town of Sevare, 600 km (375 miles) northeast of Bamako, in August in which 17 people including five U.N. staff were killed.
A preliminary investigation showed similarities between the Sevare and Bamako hotel attacks, a senior U.N. official said.
Belmokhtar is blamed for an assault on an Algerian gas field in 2013 and linked with insurgencies across North Africa.
 (Additional reporting by 
 in Bamako, 
 in Paris, 
 in Moscow and Michael Martina in Beijing; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)"
" Bangladesh executed two opposition leaders on Sunday for war crimes committed during the 1971 war to break away from Pakistan, a senior police official said, in a move likely to draw an angry reaction from supporters.
""Both of them were hanged simultaneously on two separate platforms,"" the police official said.
Islamist opposition leader Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mujahid and Salauddin Quader Chowdhury, former legislator from former premier Khaleda Zia's Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), were hanged shortly after President Abdul Hamid rejected their appeals late on Saturday for clemency. 
Mujahid, 67, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, and Chowdhury, 66, were hanged at Dhaka Central Jail. The Supreme Court had previously rejected their appeals against a death sentence imposed by a special tribunal for genocide and torture of civilians during the conflict.
The Border Guard Bangladesh paramilitary force has been deployed across the country to tighten security.
Muslim-majority Bangladesh, until 1971 East Pakistan, has seen a rise in Islamist violence in recent months, with two foreigners and four secular writers and a publisher killed this year.
Mujahid was found guilty on five charges including torture and the murders of intellectuals and minority Hindus while he commanded Al Badr, an auxiliary force of the Pakistani army, during the war to break away from Pakistan.
Chowdhury, former legislator from former premier Khaleda Zia's Bangladesh Nationalist Party, was convicted in October 2013 on charges of genocide, religious persecution, abduction and torture during the war.
""While we are saddened that we have lost our father by way of a motivated and predetermined trial and where the country is gagged from speaking out, we find hope in the fact that the international community recognizes the injustice and that fairness and truth shall be restored in Bangladesh,"" Humam Quader Chowdhury, a son of Chowdhury, told Reuters.
""We fought for them under the law and we have been defeated in the legal fight,"" defense councillor Khandker Mahbub Hossain told Reuters.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina opened an inquiry into crimes committed during the war in 2010, paving the way for prosecutions by a war crimes tribunal that Islamists have denounced as part of a politically motivated campaign aimed at weakening Jamaat-e-Islami's leadership.
Two Jamaat leaders have been executed, one in December 2013 and another in April. They declined to seek clemency from the president. 
BNP spokesman Asaduzzaman Ripon said: ”Salauddin has fallen victim to persecution because of his political identity, and he has been denied justice.” 
Moqbul Ahmed, acting Amir of Jamaat, said in a statement that Mujahid was a victim of government conspiracy. He called a day long general strike on Monday across the country.
The government denies accusations of interference in the judiciary.
East Pakistan broke away to become independent Bangladesh after a war between India and Pakistan. About three million people were killed.
 (Reporting by Serajul Quadir; editing by 
)"
" Hong Kong votes in district level elections on Sunday that will mark the first real test of public sentiment since pro-democracy protests crippled parts of the Chinese-controlled city last year.  
More than 900 candidates are competing for 431 seats in 18 district councils, where pro-Beijing parties currently hold a majority, at a time when people are divided over the pace of political reform.
The results, due late on Sunday, will provide insight into how a Legislative Council election due next year and a controversial leadership poll in 2017 could pan out. 
The 79-day demonstrations last year, when activists streamed on to highways to demand full democracy for the former British colony, became the biggest political challenge to Beijing's Communist Party leaders in years.
The protests failed to persuade China to allow a fully democratic vote in 2017. Beijing says city voters have to chose from a list of candidates it has approved.
But they triggered what many in the financial center see as a political awakening, which has included a lively debate over how much control China's central government should have.
""It feels like once the Umbrella Movement was over, we didn't know which way to go from there,"" said Steve Ng, a former chef who is running in the district council elections, referring to the democracy protests. ""I wanted to see if I had the ability to continue to push the democratic movement.""
Candidates have been lobbying hard across Hong Kong, although a wider choice of parties after last year's protests could make it harder for voters to decide at the polling booths.
The election will have a higher turnout than the 41.5 per cent witnessed in 2011, according to a poll by the University of Hong Kong. 
Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a ""one country, two systems"" formula that gives it substantial autonomy and freedoms, with universal suffrage promised as an ""ultimate goal"".
District councillors command little power, acting more in an advisory role in which they can push forward policies for the government to consider.
 (Reporting by By Diana Chan and Teenie Ho; Writing by Anne Marie Roantree; Editing by 
)"
" Honduran police arrested a Syrian woman and two Pakistani men on Saturday after determining they were traveling illegally and presumably en route to the United States, authorities said.
The woman had a photocopy of a Syrian passport and the two men described themselves as Pakistani but did not carry passports, police commissioner Leonel Sauceda clarified to Reuters. None entered through an official border crossing, Sauceda said earlier.
""They entered at a blind spot,"" he said.
The three were detained on a public bus in the Central American country's southern Choluteca state, at a highway checkpoint after having entered Honduras from Nicaragua.
Another police official who declined to give his name because he was not authorized to talk about the case said nearly all migrants detained in the area are traveling en route to the United States.   
The Honduran police have identified the Syrian woman as 39-year-old Hanna Maissoun. The two Pakistanis are Muhammad Shafiq, 30, and Nassem Abbas, 21, the police said.
It was not immediately clear how long they have been in the region.
Earlier this week, Honduran authorities detained five Syrian nationals traveling on doctored Greek passports.
The five men had been fleeing conflict in Syria and had been trying to get to the United States when they were stopped, the authorities said.
Honduran police said there were no signs of any links to the Nov. 13 suicide bombings and shootings in Paris that killed 130 people. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks.
The five were part of a wider group of seven Syrian nationals who acquired forged passports in Brazil and then went by land to Argentina on their way north, a U.S. government source familiar with the case said. The source also said there was no evidence to suggest the men were militants.
(This version of the story has been officially corrected to show that the police corrected the passport status of detained people in the second paragraph.)
 (Reporting by Gustavo Palencia; Writing by David Alire Garcia; Editing by Alan Crosby and 
)"
" Turkey has arrested a Belgian man of Moroccan origin suspected of involvement in Islamic State's attacks in Paris that killed 130 people a week ago, a Turkish government official said on Saturday.
Ahmet Dahmani, 26, was arrested at a luxury hotel in the southern coastal city of Antalya after traveling from Amsterdam on Nov. 14. Two suspected accomplices were also arrested, the official said.
Without citing its sources, Turkey's Dogan news agency said Dahmani had scouted out the target sites for the Paris attacks, and that the two other men, both Syrian, were detained on suspicion of planning to help him cross safely into Syria.
""We believe that Dahmani was in contact with the terrorists who perpetrated the Paris attacks. The investigation continues,"" the government official said.
The security forces arrested him because they believed he was an Islamic State militant preparing to illegally cross the Turkish-Syrian border, the official said.
The Belgian authorities had not warned Turkey about Dahmani and he was therefore not among the more than 26,000 names on a list of people, maintained by the Turkish authorities but largely based on foreign intelligence, banned from entering Turkey.
""Had the Belgian authorities alerted us in due time, Dahmani could have been apprehended at the airport,"" the official said.
Turkey estimates that no more than 1,300 of its nationals are among the many thousands of foreign fighters to have joined the ranks of Islamic State in Syria, less than from some Western European countries, although some diplomats put the figure far higher.
But the group, which holds territory adjacent to the Turkish border in Syria, is trying to recruit more.
In a Turkish-language video released by Islamic State's media arm AlHayat on Saturday, the group called on Turkish Muslims to move to the lands under its control, assuring them it is not dangerous there and that life is normal and prosperous.
Turkey has warned before of the threat from North Africa and deported a group of Moroccans detained at Istanbul's main airport this week over suspected links to Islamic State.
The eight, who said they had arrived at Ataturk airport on Tuesday night from Casablanca for a holiday, were detained by border police and questioned by profiling experts who flagged them as suspected militants, a government official said.  
 (Writing by 
 and Ece Toksabay; Editing by 
)"
" French police have released seven of the eight people rounded up when they raided a flat last Wednesday where the suspected mastermind of the Paris attacks was hiding, a judicial source said.
Islamic State jihadist Abdelhamid Abaaoud, 28, one of the group's most high-profile European recruits, died during the police assault along with a woman believed to be his cousin and a third person yet to be identified.
During the raid, police took in eight people for questioning, five from inside the building in the northern St. Denis suburb and three from outside, including a man who said he was in charge of the property and is still being held.
A source close to the investigation said the five from inside who have been freed were believed just to be squatters without proper identity papers, while a man and a woman picked up outside have also been released.
France has launched a massive investigation to get to the bottom of exactly who was behind the massacres that killed 130 people in Paris last Friday and stunned a nation still raw from militant attacks in the capital in January.
Investigators believe Abaaoud, a Moroccan-born Belgian who had fought for Islamic State in Syria, was the mastermind behind the shootings and bombings at the national soccer stadium, a famous concert venue and several bars and restaurants.
European governments thought he was still in Syria until a tip-off from Morocco that he was in France at the time of the attacks, the worst in the country since World War II.
Abaaoud was caught on camera in the east of Paris after the initial wave of shootings, heading into a metro station not far from an abandoned black Seat Leon which had three AK47 assault rifles, five full ammunition clips and 11 empty clips inside.
Two sources involved in the investigation said on Saturday his fingerprints were on one of the weapons but it was not clear whether he took part in the shootings, or had just handled the rifle. The fingerprints of Brahim Abdeslam, who blew himself up after attacking a cafe, were on another of the AK47s. 
CURFEW
Police tracked Abaaoud to the apartment in St. Denis by following Hasna Aitboulahcen, a woman who may have been his cousin and whose phone was being tapped as part of a drugs investigation.
Officials reported that she had blown herself up during the raid, but a source close to the investigation said on Friday that someone else in the flat had used the explosive vest.
French media reported on Saturday that Aitboulahcen may not even have been involved in the plot, only being asked by Abaaoud to find a hideout as a last resort.
Investigators are still trying to identify the remains of the third person in the flat, as well as two men who came through Greece in October and blew themselves up outside the stadium while the French soccer team was playing Germany.
Police across Europe are also hunting Salah Abdeslam who made it to Belgium from France in a VW Golf the day after the attacks, despite being stopped by French police along the way.
In response to the Paris attacks, French police have carried out nightly raids across the country.
Local authorities in Sens, about 130 km southeast of Paris, imposed a curfew on Friday from 10 p.m. (2100 GMT) to 6 a.m. in one part of the town - the first curfew in France since a state of emergency was announced the day after the attacks.
The curfew for Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights came after police found weapons and fake identity cards during raids in the area and other parts of the Yonne department.
A ban on demonstrations in the Paris region under the state of emergency was also extended on Saturday until Nov. 30.    
An opinion poll on Saturday showed that President Francois Hollande, the most unpopular French leader since the start of the Fifth Republic in 1958, got an eight-point popularity boost after the attacks.
Thirty-three percent of those polled said they had a favorable opinion of Hollande, his highest rating since Jan. 14, a week after attacks on a satirical magazine and a kosher supermarket cost 17 lives.    
 (Additional reporting by Chine Labbe and Nicolas Bertin; writing by 
; editing by Digby Lidstone)"
" Police watched the suspected mastermind of the Paris attacks being led by a woman into an apartment the evening before both died there in a raid by special forces, a police source said on Friday.
After a tip-off from Morocco that Abdelhamid Abaaoud, one of Islamic State's most high-profile European recruits, was in France, police honed in on Hasna Aitboulahcen, a woman already under surveillance who was known to have links to him.
Police tapping her phone as part of a drugs investigation tracked her to the St. Denis suburb north of Paris, also home to the stadium where three suicide bombers blew themselves up during last Friday's attacks that killed 130 people.
They watched the 26-year-old woman take Abaaoud into the St. Denis building on Tuesday evening. In the early hours of Wednesday, police launched an assault that lasted seven hours.
Abaaoud, 28, and Aitboulahcen, who may be his cousin, both died during the gun battle during which French police commandos fired more than 5,000 shots. A third person, who has yet to be identified, died with them.
Officials initially said Aitboulahcen had blown herself up, becoming Europe's first female suicide bomber, but a source close to the investigation said on Friday that a head blasted into the street by an explosive vest was not hers.
One of the police sources also said Abaaoud had been caught on camera at a suburban metro station, after the shootings and at cafes and restaurants in central Paris but while a massacre in the Bataclan concert hall was still underway.
He was seen on closed circuit TV at the Croix de Chavaux station in Montreuil, not far from where one of the cars used in the attacks was found, the source said.
A week after the Paris attacks, French nationals were in the firing line again in Mali when Islamist militants stormed a hotel in the capital Bamako leaving at least 27 people dead although France's defence minister said he was not aware that any French were among those killed. 
HOUSE ARRESTS
In response to the Paris attacks, French police carried out raids across the country for a fifth day overnight on Thursday. 
So far, police have searched 793 premises, held 90 people for questioning, put 164 under house arrest and recovered 174 weapons including assault rifles and other guns, the Interior Ministry said on Friday.
Police searched a mosque in Brest in western France early on Friday. Its imam, Rachid Abou Houdeyfa, who has condemned the Paris attacks, achieved notoriety this year for telling children they could be turned into pigs for listening to music.
In an unusual step, the French Council of the Muslim Faith (CFCM) - the main umbrella group for mosque associations - and several of its member groups, urged their imams to denounce the attacks in Friday sermons and distributed suggested texts.
A bill to extend a state of emergency imposed a day after the Paris attacks into February and which would give the police more powers, received a final approval from the upper house of parliament on Friday.
Since the attacks, requests for information about joining the French army have surged. Colonel Herve Chene, head of airforce recruitment, said the numbers of people visiting his unit's hiring centres had tripled since last Friday.
DISOWNED
Abaaoud was spotted on the metro station CCTV tape at 10:14 p.m. (2114 GMT) on Friday last week after the initial wave of attacks. Seven assailants died and a suspected eighth person, Salah Abdeslam, is still on the run.
Abaaoud was a petty criminal who went to fight in Syria in 2013 and European governments thought he was still there until Morocco said he was actually in France.
He is believed to have recruited young men to fight for Islamic State from immigrant families in his native Brussels district of Molenbeek and elsewhere in Belgium and France.
Abaaoud appeared in Islamic State's slick online English-language magazine Dabiq, where he boasted of crossing European borders to stage attacks. He claimed to have escaped a continent-wide manhunt after a police raid in Belgium in January in which two militants died.
Islamic State, which controls parts of Iraq and Syria, has attracted thousands of young Europeans and Abaaoud was seen as a leading figure in luring others, particularly from Belgium.
His own family has disowned him, accusing him of abducting his 13-year-old brother, who was later promoted on the Internet as Islamic State's youngest foreign fighter in Syria.
Moroccan authorities, who have detained scores of Islamic State militants in recent months, also arrested Abaaoud's brother Yassine last month after he arrived in Agadir, a Moroccan security source said on Friday.
Morocco's king is in France and met French President Francois Hollande on Friday.
VIA GREECE
While quickly tracking Abaaoud down will be seen as a major success for French authorities, his presence in Paris will focus more attention on the difficulty European security services have in monitoring the continent's borders.
Two of the men who blew themselves up outside the Stade de France stadium last Friday travelled together to Greece and had their fingerprints taken there on Oct. 3, the Paris prosecutor said in a statement on Friday.
EU interior and justice ministers in Brussels on Friday pledged solidarity with France in the wake of the attacks and agreed a series of new measures on surveillance, border checks and gun control.
The 28 governments agreed to speed new legislation to share air passengers' data, curb firearms trafficking and ensure closer checks on EU citizens crossing Europe's external borders.
France has called for changes to the EU's Schengen border-free travel zone to make it tougher to travel across Europe. Hundreds of thousands of people have reached Europe as Syrian refugees in recent months, including at least one person using a passport found at the scene of Friday's attacks.
France has called for a global coalition to defeat the group and has launched air strikes on Raqqa, the de-facto Islamic State capital in northern Syria, since the weekend.
Russia has also targeted the city in retribution for the downing of a Russian airliner last month that killed 224.
The attacks in Mali were another slap in the face for France, which has stationed 3,500 troops in northern Mali that are meant to be restoring stability and security after a Tuareg rebellion was hijacked by al Qaeda linked fighters in 2012.
""It is the same terrorists under different names who are fighting us and who we are fighting. It will be a long war,"" French Prime Minister Manuel Valls told reporters.
 (Additional reporting by Chine Labbe, 
, Emmanuel Jarry, Alan Charlish and 
 in Paris, Pierre-Henri Allain in Rennes, Francesco Guarascio and 
 in Brussels, Tiemoko Diallo in Bamako; writing by 
 and 
; editing by Anna Willard)"
" A Palestinian assailant stabbed and wounded four Israelis in the southern town of Kiryat Gat on Saturday, police said, shortly after the United States announced its top diplomat would travel to the region to try to ease tensions.
A senior U.S. official in Washington said Secretary of State John Kerry will meet next week with Israeli and Palestinian leaders to try to stop ongoing violence, although he insisted it was not a renewed effort to broker a peace accord.
One Israeli suffered serious wounds and three others, including a 13-year-old girl, were in moderate condition, a hospital official said. 
The Palestinian suspect, from a village near Hebron in the occupied West Bank, was apprehended in the garden of a nearby house after security forces mounted a search. A police spokeswoman said he was found with a blood-stained knife and bloodied hands.
An Israeli Bedouin Arab, whom some local residents mistook for the assailant, was lightly injured after being set upon briefly. He was also taken to hospital for treatment, police said. It underlined increased Jewish-Arab tensions as a result of the recent attacks in Israel, Jerusalem and the West Bank.
Eighteen Israelis and others have died, along with 80 Palestinians, in a wave of violence over the past seven weeks.
Palestinian allegations that Israel was trying to alter the religious status quo at a Jerusalem holy site, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, where al-Aqsa mosque stands, and to Jews as Temple Mount, have partly fueled the violence.
Non-Muslim prayer is banned around al-Aqsa and Israel has said it will not change that. But more visits in recent years by Jewish religious activists and ultra-nationalist Israeli politicians to the complex, where two biblical temples once stood, have done little to convince the Palestinians.
On Thursday, five people - three Israelis, a Palestinian and an American - were killed in two attacks on one of the bloodiest days during the recent heightened tensions.
The body of the American, Jewish seminary student Ezra Schwartz, 18, from Sharon, Massachusetts, was flown for burial in the United States.
Earlier on Saturday, Israeli security forces shut down a local Palestinian radio station in the occupied West Bank town of Hebron, al-Khalil Radio, the station's manager and the Israeli army said.
A statement issued by the military said the station was shut down and broadcast equipment was confiscated because it had ""repeatedly broadcast content which promotes and encourages terror and acts of violence against Israeli civilians and security forces.""
But local Palestinian journalists' union representative Jihad Qawasmeh accused Israel of acting unlawfully, saying it had ""breached international norms and had raided all the organizations that international laws forbid to raid.""
 (Additional reporting by 
 and 
, Writing by Ori Lewis; Editing by 
 and 
)"
"The decision was taken despite mounting calls to cooperate more closely with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the fight against Islamic State following the militant group's Nov. 13 attacks in Paris which killed 130 people.
U.S. President Barack Obama, Germany's Angela Merkel, Britain's David Cameron, Italy's Matteo Renzi and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, who represented President Francois Hollande at the summit, attended the brief meeting near the conclusion of the G20 meeting in Antalya.
The sanctions are due to expire in January, before full implementation of the so-called Minsk peace deal, which aims to resolve the standoff between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Western countries have said all elements of Minsk need to be fulfilled before they can consider easing the sanctions.
In particular, the diplomat said, the leaders had concluded that it was important to maintain pressure on Russia ahead of planned elections in eastern Ukraine.
""The elections in Ukraine are heavy lifting,"" the diplomat said, requesting anonymity because the agreement in Antalya was confidential.
""We only have a chance to get what we want if we play the sanctions card. Financial sanctions need to stay in place until the bitter end,"" the diplomat added.
Following the attacks, Hollande has called for a grand coalition of nations to fight Islamic State, which controls large swathes of Syria and Iraq. The French president is due to travel to Moscow on Nov. 26 to discuss closer cooperation with Putin.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel will dine with Hollande in Paris the evening before his trip and, according to German officials, will urge him to remain firm on the sanctions question while in Moscow.
 (Editing by 
)"
"It said the quake, initially reported as a magnitude 5.9, was centered 52 miles (84 km) south-southwest of Coquimbo, an area that has been rattled by a series of moderate earthquakes over the past week. The temblor was shallow, at a depth of 15.1 miles (24.3 km)
 (Reporting by 
 in Washington; Editing by 
)"
" Russian and Syrian warplanes launched dozens of air strikes on Islamic State-held areas of eastern Syria on Friday, after the group's fighters staged an assault on an air base near the city of Deir al-Zor, a monitoring group said.
In at least 50 bombing raids, towns across Deir al-Zor province, including near the Iraqi border, were hit and dozens of vehicles and fuel oil tankers were destroyed, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
Eight civilians were killed in the bombardment, including three children, the Observatory said, describing the intensity of the strikes on the province as ""unprecedented"".
Deir al-Zor province links Islamic State's de facto capital in Raqqa with territory controlled by the group in Iraq. Syrian government control is limited to an air base and part of Deir al-Zor city.
The strikes were launched after Islamic State fighters launched a fresh attempt at dawn to overrun the air base where government troops are holed up just south of Deir al-Zor city.
At least 20 Islamic State fighters and eight soldiers have  been killed in clashes there so far.
Fighting has surged across the country since Russia launched an air campaign in support of President Bashar al-Assad on Sept. 30 with the stated aim of hitting Islamic State but mostly bombing other rebel groups in the west of the country.
Islamic State has also come under pressure as a U.S.-led coalition, accompanied by some rebel groups on the ground, wages air strikes against it in eastern Syria.
 (Reporting by John Davison; Editing By Richard Balmforth)"
" Investigators sorting through body parts from a flat raided by French police on Wednesday now believe Hasna Aitboulahcen, the woman who died there, was not the one wearing a suicide belt, a source close to the investigation said.
Headlines flashed around the world this week that Aitboulahcen had become Europe's first woman suicide bomber, after officials said they believed she had blown herself up at the scene of the raid in a northern Paris suburb.
Two other people died at the flat in St. Denis on the city's outskirts after Aitboulahcen, believed to be the cousin of suspected Paris Nov. 13 attacks mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud, took him there on Tuesday evening.
One of the dead has been confirmed as Islamist militant Abaaoud. The other has yet to be identified.
Police had been hunting Abaaoud since the killing of 130 people in Paris on Nov. 13, which was claimed by Islamic State, and which they believe he orchestrated.
""The initial findings from the special police indicated that it (the suicide belt wearer) was her,"" said the source. ""But the skull we found on the pavement was not hers.""
The fighting at the flat was so intense that not only were the police unable initially to identify the bodies, it took more than a day for investigators to establish that there had been three people and not two.
 (Reporting by Chine Labbe; Writing by 
; Editing by 
)"
" Guatemala's Congress has voted to impose harsher sentences for anyone helping migrants skirt the law, as it faces pressure from the United States to stop human trafficking and slow the flood of people passing through its borders.
The so-called ""anti-coyote"" law, passed late on Thursday, targets smugglers who help undocumented migrants traverse the Central American nation, a key route towards the United States.
Central Americans for decades have sought to escape violence and poverty by migrating northward, but the issue became a crisis for the United States last year when tens of thousands of unaccompanied children, mostly from Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras, flooded the southern U.S. border.
The Guatemalan route is also attracting migrants from further afield. Five Syrians traveled across two continents and five countries to reach jobs and a house in Guatemala promised by their Turkish smuggler, before being stopped in neighboring Honduras.
Jean Paul Briere, head of the migration committee in Guatemala's Congress, said the law reflects a compromise with the United States as part of a development plan to create jobs and lift living standards in Central America.
""The situation with the exodus of migrant children (to the United States) helped the law get approved more quickly,"" he said. ""(Now) it is possible to punish these groups who mostly enrich themselves from migrants and use them to traffic money, drugs and weapons ... (and) exploit children and women.""
All 118 deputies present voted in favor of imposing a jail sentence of six to eight years for any smuggler who helps foreigners or Guatemalans with passage, illegal documents, or employment. Those who assist minors or pregnant women, or cause serious harm, could face more than 13 years in prison.
Any Guatemalans will also be able to recover whatever payments they made to the ""coyote,"" and will have any debts to them canceled. Any physical, psychological or economic damage will be compensated by the suspect.
 (Reporting by Sofia Menchu; Writing by 
; Editing by Andrew Hay)"
" Two of the bombers who blew themselves up at a soccer stadium in Paris last Friday during attacks that killed 130 people traveled to Greece together, prosecutors in the French capital said on Friday.
One of the suicide bombers at the Stade de France in the northern suburb of St. Denis had been identified from a Syrian passport found near his body as Ahmad al-Mohammad, though it was not clear whether the passport was genuine, or had been stolen.
Reuters reported on Tuesday that the passport holder, who arrived in Greece alongside 198 refugees by boat from Turkey on Oct. 3, may have been traveling with an accomplice.
In a statement on Friday, the Paris prosecutor said the suicide bomber who detonated his explosive vest at Gate H of the stadium had his fingerprints taken in Greece on Oct. 3, at the same time as the bomber who blew himself up at Gate D.
A counter-intelligence source in Macedonia told Reuters that Mohammad was still traveling with a companion two days after reaching the Greek port of Piraeus.
They registered together at a refugee camp in the backyard of an old tobacco plant in the Serbian town of Presevo, though Serbian officials have not mentioned an accomplice.
 (Reporting by 
; editing by 
)"
" France's defense minister said he was not aware of any French nationals being killed during an attack on Friday by Islamist gunmen at a hotel in Mali's capital Bamako. 
""At this moment there are no French nationals (killed), but I remain cautious because the assault finished only about an hour ago,"" Jean-Yves Le Drian told broadcaster TF1. 
 (Reporting By 
; Editing by 
)"
" Canada will release details next week concerning its pledge to take in 25,000 refugees from Syria by the end of the year, Immigration Minister John McCallum said on Friday.
The promise became a significant component of the new Liberal government's election campaign, but since the attacks in Paris last week, questions have been raised as to whether the government will be able bring that number of refugees to Canada quickly and safely.
Details will be released on Tuesday, McCallum told reporters.
 (Reporting by 
; Editing by 
)"
" Three new cases of Ebola emerged in Liberia on Friday, a setback for a country that had been declared free of the disease on September 3 and also a blow for the wider region as it struggles to end an epidemic that has killed around 11,300 people.
The first of the new patients was a 10-year-old boy who lived with his parents and three siblings in Paynesville, a suburb east of the capital Monrovia, said Minister of Health Minister Bernice Dahn. Two direct family members have also since tested positive, officials said.
All six family members, as well as other high risk contacts, are in care at an Ebola Treatment Unit in Paynesville, she said.
""The hospital is currently decontaminating the unit. All of the healthcare workers who came into contact with the patient have been notified,"" she told a news conference.
""We know how Ebola spreads and we know how to stop Ebola but we must remain vigilant and work together,"" she said. 
Bruce Aylward, who leads the Ebola response for the U.N. World Health Organisation, said the patient had no history of contact with an Ebola survivor or victim.
""The family obviously is at particular risk and is being investigated right now,"" he told a news conference in Geneva, speaking before confirmation that two of the first patient's siblings had also tested positive.
Liberia has seen more than 10,600 cases of the disease and 4,808 Ebola deaths since it was first announced in March, 2014, WHO figures show.
The virus has killed a total of about 11,300 people in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Sierra Leone was declared free of the virus on Nov. 7 and Guinea has begun its countdown to the end of the virus.
The 42-day countdown to be declared Ebola-free starts when the last patient tests negative a second time, normally after a 48-hour gap following their first negative test.
 (Additional reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg in Accra and 
 in Geneva; Editing by 
)"
" One of the attackers who blew himself up in Paris's Bataclan concert hall had missed at least four weekly check-ins with French police who were investigating him on suspicion of terrorism-related activity.
By the time an international arrest warrant went out in 2013, Samy Amimour was likely already in Syria. And by the time a trial date was set nearly two years later, he may have been well on his way to planning Friday's attacks.
As police investigate the attacks that killed 129 people,  the revelation that at least one perpetrator slipped through the hands of authorities has exposed what some describe as flaws in France's procedures to track militant suspects, in particular the system of ""judicial supervision"".
The one-time bus driver, described by those who knew him as a quiet young man, vanished in September 2013 when he was under judicial supervision, telling his father he was headed to the south of France.     
A week later, even though his passport had been impounded, he was on the Turkey-Syria border. 
According to an Italian police source, an international warrant for his arrest was not issued until October 29, 2013.
""Investigators will determine whether there was a failure,"" said Sebastien Pietrasanta, a Socialist lawmaker and specialist in anti-terror issues. ""But a man who slips off the radar when it comes to terrorism matters, that is unacceptable.""
Under the system, suspects in anti-terror cases who are deemed not dangerous enough or at risk of fleeing to be remanded into custody while under investigation are usually brought under police controls, in which they must give up their passports and come in for regular check-ins.
""Judges are always asking themselves"" whether judicial supervision is adequate to keep track of suspects, Virginie Duval, head of France's main magistrates union, told Reuters.
""But we can't just put everybody in custody.""  
SHYNESS MADE HIM PREY?
Those who knew the 28-year-old in Drancy, the suburb northeast of Paris where he grew up, said Amimour's personality changed four years ago when he started attending a mosque in the nearby suburb of Blanc Mesnil, although the Muslim Cultural Association there has denied he was a regular worshipper. 
""He was well brought up. He wasn't a delinquent,"" said Drancy's centrist mayor Jean-Christophe Lagarde, who knew the family long before the attacks.
""No doubt his shyness made him prey for those who wanted to brainwash him,"" Lagarde said. ""He got radicalized, he quit his job, he closed up, cut himself off from his parents.""
Born on Oct. 15, 1987, Amimour grew up with his parents and two sisters in a household that was not strictly religious in a five-storey apartment block, the back of which overlooks a mural of the iconic flag-waving Marianne, symbol of the French republic. 
""He went to school with my daughters. He would play downstairs with the children.... He was kind, sociable, smiling,"" said an elderly neighbor, declining to be named.
""He just changed completely ... He stopped shaking women's hands, when he greeted my daughters he would no longer kiss them on the cheek,"" he said. The last time the neighbor saw him, Amimour had shaved his head and was wearing a traditional robe.
Like most of the area's youth, Amimour went to the local college, or secondary school, where he got good grades and did well in his final baccalaureate exam.
""He was calm, he did not want to draw any attention to himself,"" said a 20-year-old delivery driver who lives above Amimour's flat and gave his name only as Bertrand. ""He should have gone on to do better things than us.""
His only known employment was as a suburban bus driver, a job that public transport authorities said he left in October 2012 after 15 months. 
It was not clear under what circumstances he left the job. What is known is that in the same month, Amimour was detained along with two other men from Drancy over suspicions they planned to go fight in Yemen.
The three were released, but an official case was opened and they were placed under judicial supervision.
THOSE TRUSTED VANISH
Such measures are not rare: there are now 95 people in France under judicial supervision suspected of wanting to join the ranks of militants in Iraq and Syria. Another 139, considered more dangerous or more likely to flee, are being held in custody, according to a judicial official.
Officials have acknowledged that they sometimes lose track of suspects freed under judicial supervision.
In May, Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told Reuters several people who had been ""trusted"" enough to be placed under judicial supervision had ""disappeared"". 
For example, two men thought to be linked to a cell suspected of being behind a 2012 attack on a Paris Jewish deli have been missing for months after being freed under judicial supervision, legal sources said. The family of one told police they suspected he had gone to Syria.
A defense lawyer familiar with anti-terrorism cases said a decision to avoid custody in such cases would not have been  taken lightly.
""It is a huge feat every time we get one,"" the lawyer, who declined to be named, said.
In the case of Amimour, judges ordered him to give up his passport and report weekly at Drancy police station while the case was being investigated, which he did for nearly a year, a judicial source said.
Two years after he stopped reporting to police, judges decided in August he and the two other men would be tried in absentia next January for criminal conspiracy in relation to terrorism over their planned Yemen trip, a judicial official told Reuters. 
The trial of the other two, who are suspected to have fled to Syria, will go ahead.
    Several magistrates told Reuters administrative procedures -- from noting absences to issuing a warrant -- would have taken time. 
""Police stations are swamped,"" said Duval, the magistrate.
DOING WHAT I LIKE
While Amimour was a fugitive, his father Azzedine, speaking under the pseudonym Mohamed, gave two interviews to Le Monde describing how his son told him in September 2013 he was heading for the south of France, only to call a week later from the Turkish-Syrian border.
""Don't be selfish, you wanted me to become a lawyer... Being here, I am doing what I like,"" his father quoted his son as saying in the first interview published in March 2014.
They spoke once a month via Skype, and the father even traveled to Syria last year to try to bring him back, he told Le Monde. When they met, his son, who called himself Abu Hajia, was on crutches and bore a distant smile.
""He was with another man who never left us alone. It was a very cold reunion,"" Azzedine said in the second interview published in December. 
""He did not invite me back to his lodgings, say how he had been injured nor whether he had been fighting.""
The father told Le Monde police did not question him about his trip to Syria when he returned.
""When Amimour was detained and his passport was seized, his mother was a little relieved as she thought he wouldn't be able to go anywhere,"" mayor Lagarde said. ""But he still fled.""
Lagarde said Amimour and the two other wanted Drancy men had become radicalized at the Blanc Mesnil mosque, one of three in the suburb. The mayor of Blanc Mesnil, Thierry Meignen, strongly denied that the mosque was radical in an interview with Reuters, however. 
    On a visit to the mosque, where the remains of a burnt-out car stood in a nearby car park, none of the lunchtime worshippers said they recognized the attacker.
    ""It's not the mosque that's radical,"" said one man who gave his name as Khaled. ""But who's to know if there could be such people who come here."" 
(Corrects date in paragraph 6, clarifies four weeks in first paragraph)
 (Additional reporting by 
 in Rome; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by 
 and 
)"
" The U.S. State Department said on Friday Americans should limit their movements around Mali's capital Bamako after an attack by armed Islamist militants on a hotel in the city.
""Our embassy there has lifted its recommendation for U.S. citizens to shelter in place,"" spokesman John Kirby told reporters. ""However, the U.S. Embassy continues to urge all U.S. citizens to minimize movements around Bamako.""
Kirby said there was no ""active"" involvement by U.S. military or personnel in fighting the hostage takers, and those that helped hostages had been in the area at the time. 
 (Reporting by 
; Editing by 
)"
